[MRG] Update the API docs (#596)
dib-lab/sourmash: doc/api-example.md

enable an expanded range of metagenome analyses, with the downside
that they can become arbitrarily large.  The key parameter for modulo
hash signatures is `scaled`, which specifies the average sampling rate

> for hashes for a given input data set.  A scaledfactor  of 1000 means that,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for hashes for a given input data set.  A scaled factor  of 1000 means that,
```
